Let's get the vitals out of the way first. My name is Kevin Yin. I was born sometime in the 80's. Not a lot of great stuff came out of the 80's and I'm not going to claim to be an exception, but I'm certainly less bad than most of what the 80's made. I was born in the San Francisco Bay Area. It's fair to say I'm a little bit asocial. I have no spouses (current or former), girlfriend(s), children or even pets. That last part is rather sad, but I've never considered my situation quite right for pets. I live alone in a studio apartment and have been a frequent traveler, which means a hypothetical pet would be isolated for long, random stretches. It's certainly not because I don't like animals, because I do. Especially cats, as this portfolio will demonstrate. This portfolio will be a very brief tribute to Felus catus. 

Cats are great. They're not as interactive as dogs, but they're much funnier. Cat heads are a masterpiece of nature. The epitomic picture of contempt would be of a cat face rather than a human's. Same for disdain. Cats have a ridiculous amount of dignity. Ever seen a cat fall off a couch or table and then try to pretend like it didn't happen? This is real, I promise. Cats are also very willful and understand the concept of spite. They will do things like meow at the back door and then run away when you open it. They'll just stop eating one flavor of food they've been eating for months or years and then pretend like you're weird for not understanding. They will sit in front of your screen to acquire the center of attention. Contrary to their reputation, cats are very affectionate to people they trust. Some cats seem to trust just about anyone and I imagine those are derided by wiser cats for their naivete. Earning the trust of a wise cat seems difficult at first, but really all you really need to do is the opposite of the things you would do to gain a dog's trust. Feral cats are another story though. They're probably never going to trust you no matter what you do and they'll typically have parasites and diseases. 

There's a lot of literature on the internet about cats so I won't go on much longer except to say a bit about human attitudes towards cats. A lot of people throughout human history have disliked or feared cats and there have always been bizarre ideas about their powers or intentions. Not all of it has been bad though, as some ancient civilizations considered cats to be divine creatures and believed ill would befall those who harmed cats. That's very likely no more true than the stories about their evil ways though. Cats are bound by the laws of physics like everything else in our world and only have 1 life just like the rest of us. 


If you've never seen a cat before, head over to the portfolio page and check out some pictures other people took of cats. 

If you have a question about cats and want a reliable answer, I suggest you google it. However, if you insist upon having me weigh in you should go to the contact page.