Welcome! You are among the first people to ever visit a website built by me, Kevin Yin. Hopefully you are nowhere near the last either. This website requires some explanation. It's supposed to be a professional profile and it is not. It's a placeholder for a complete professional profile that will exist in the near future. It's also a template for that site, because with the hard work I've done here, I'll be able to easily convert this into my real professional profile just by swapping in some different images and backgrounds. What I need are some photos of me in professional looking settings or doing professional looking stuff and I don't have those right now. All I have is my LinkedIn profile picture, but that is four years old now. I think this course I've chosen is permitted by the assignment rules regarding using placeholders for profile images and portfolio images, but to be honest I'm not 100% sure. 

By now you may be wondering what the rest of this site contains if not pro stuff. That's a good question and the answer is even better: cats. Everyone likes cats* so I figured they would be good placeholders. Cats also have a strong connection to internet culture, a fact which is probably responsible for a great deal of lost productivity in the world in the form of easily amused people watching cat videos and reading pages about cats. This is one of the many awesome powers cats possess. Here are a few other notable cat powers:

	Cats can see in the dark (essentially true)
	Cats can cause bad luck (not really)
	Cats have powerful olfactory senses (also true)
	Cats are part of real magic or witchcraft (no)
	Cats have nine lives (untrue)
	Cats can hear ultrasound (it is known)
	Cats have an innate understanding of the laws of physics (interesting)
	Cats can lower human blood pressure and stress levels (cats should be tax deductable)
	Cats really can survives falls even from thousands of feet high (according to studies)
	Cats can save you from dogs and bears (under ideal conditions)
	Cats are frequently jerks (there is ample evidence)

On the Contact page, you'll find a form you can use to ask a question about cats. I won't receive your question because that functionality wasn't in scope for this website, but I don't mind your asking anyway. The portfolio page contains some images of cats, one of which is not real (challenge: see if you can guess which one!)


*Not everyone likes cats. In fact some people dislike cats and they have their own reasons.
**I'm not a crazy cat person. I've never even owned a cat of my own. Yet I created this tribute page to cats, demonstrating yet more of their awesome power.